App auth method policy GA docs (#20127)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/appmanagementpolicy-delete-appliesto.md

---
title: "Remove appliesTo"

> description: "Remove a policy to application or service principal object."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Remove an appManagementPolicy from an application or service principal object."
```

ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "madansr7"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Remove appliesTo

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Remove an [appManagementPolicy](../resources/appManagementPolicy.md) policy object to an application or service principal object. The application or service principal adopts this policy over the tenant-wide [tenantAppManagementPolicy](../resources/tenantappmanagementpolicy.md) setting. 

Reviewer: Same change I requested in beta
```suggestion
Remove an [appManagementPolicy](../resources/appManagementPolicy.md) policy object from an application or service principal object. When you remove the appManagementPolicy, the application or service principal adopts the tenant-wide [tenantAppManagementPolicy](../resources/tenantappmanagementpolicy.md) setting. 
```

| :------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |
| Delegated (work or school account)     | Application.Read.All and Policy.ReadWrite.ApplicationConfiguration |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.                                             |
| Application                            | Application.Read.All and Policy.ReadWrite.ApplicationConfiguration |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /applications/{id}/appManagementPolicies/$ref
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description                 |
|:--------------|:----------------------------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required.   |
| Content-Type  | application/json. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, provide a reference to a single policy object from the [appManagementPolicies](../resources/appmanagementpolicy.md) collection.

## Response

If successful, this method returns `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Examples

> ### Example 1: Remove an appManagementPolicy to an application object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Remove an appManagementPolicy from an application object
```

#### Request

> The following is an example of the request to remove an appManagementPolicy to an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of the request to remove an appManagementPolicy from an application.
```

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "remove_appliesTo"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/applications/{id}/appManagementPolicies/$ref
Content-type: application/json

{
 "@odata.id":"https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/policies/appManagementPolicies/{id}"
}
```

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> ### Example 2: Remove an appManagementPolicy to a service principal object
> 
> #### Request
> 
> The following is an example of the request to remove an appManagementPolicy to a service principal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 2: Remove an appManagementPolicy from a service principal object

#### Request

The following is an example of the request to remove an appManagementPolicy from a service principal.
```
